---
title: 'Diary 2021/01/10'
date: '2021-01-10T23:55:00.000Z'
template: 'post'
language: 'en'
draft: true
home: false
slug: '/posts/diary-20210110'
category: 'Private'
tags:
  - English
description: ''
---

The second week of this year is about to start.<br />
I had been eating too much since my vacation started on December 11th, but I determined to stop this habit today. I will try to get in shape. I will not go to bakeries and patisseries that I love for a while unless it helps me prevent from being depressed!

## English

I do not expect anyone to read these posts titled "Diary", but in case someone reads...

I take an online English lesson every weekend, and here is what I learned this week.<br />
I have been in Vancouver for more than 4 years, but my English did not improve because I did not try hard enough.<br />
As an introvert, I do not like talking, but I cannot give up. It is embarassing that I am still learning such easy things but this is where I am.

- I do not like to get wet.<br />
  -> What? Are you made of sugar? Are you going to melt?

- What is the climate like in each season in Japan?<br />
  Spring is warm and it is not a rainy season, but when I try to go see cherry blossoms when they are most beautiful, I feel it usually rains and cherry blossoms <b>fall off the trees</b>. In summer, it is very hot and humid. I used to <b>bike to work</b> and <b>by the time I got there</b>, I was <b>covered with sweat</b>. It was disgusting. I had to change my clothes. Fall is a good season. It is neither hot nor cold. You can enjoy the changing color of the leaves, but it is a really short season. In winter, it is very cold and I would still <b>ride my bike to work</b>. My fingers get cold, and they hurt. They never get warm <b>even after 30 minutes on my bike</b>. I definitely like fall the best and <b>that is what each season is like</b> where I live.

<br />
I will spend more time on improving skills and English this week!
<br />
<br />
