---
title: 'Diary 2021/01/25'
date: '2021-01-25T22:31:00.000Z'
template: 'post'
language: 'en'
draft: false
home: false
slug: '/posts/diary-20210125'
category: 'Private'
tags:
  - DevOps
  - Terraform
  - hashicorp
  - GitHub
  - English
description: ''
---

Just a note for last week :)

## Shared links

- [ ] [Amazon DevOps Guru](https://aws.amazon.com/devops-guru/)<br/>
- [ ] [Integrating Terraform into your GitHub Actions with HashiCorp](https://www.twitch.tv/videos/883762668)<br/>

## English

### chipmunk

A: I am going to have my wisdom teeth removed.
B: You will get chipmunk cheeks. But it is okay, you are working from home.

- after wisdom teeth removal
- after having my wisdom teeth extracted

### Phrases to ask someone to repeat something

- Sorry I didn't catch that. Can you say it slower?
- Can you say it again?
- What was that?
- Sorry, I don't quite understand the idea. Can you explain it again?
- Just to clarify, you want "...", and what did you want for the second part?

### My first trip abroad story

The first country I went to was the UK. I stayed in England for a school trip when I was in high school. I experienced my first homestay with a young couple with a small child, a 2-year-old girl. Even though they were nice people, I didn't feel comfortable. I was nervous because it was my first time staying at a strangers house and my English was not good enough to have a conversation.

I can't forget the food I ate. Every meal was so terrible. I stayed during christmas and the meal was so bad that I ended up throwing up. Another food they served was a frozen meat pie. Obviously it was hot but it was premade. I was pretty sure that it would make me throw up again, so I could not eat much. During the day, I was attending ESL classes, and I took sandwiches for lunch which were better than the dinner. Breakfast was okay. It was just cereal.

It might sound awful, but I didn't get homesick at all. We went sightseeing every day after the ESL classes, and it was just amazing. There were lots of places to visit in London, and everything looked totally different from Japan. It is still a great memory that I will never forget.
